---
title: 英文演讲
date: 2024-10-03 20:23:26
tags: [英文,演讲稿,read]
categories: [英语学习]
---

# **便于随时阅读**

# 1. speech from youtube

> **TRANSCRIPT:**
>
> ***Michael Norton – Social science researcher\***
>
> So I want to talk today about money and happiness, which are two things a lot of us spend a lot of our time thinking about, either trying to earn them or trying to increase them. And a lot of us resonate with this phrase, we see it in religions and self-help books: *money can’t buy happiness*. And I want to suggest today that, in fact, that’s wrong.
>
> I’m at a business school, so that’s what we do. So that’s wrong, and in fact, if you think that, you’re just not spending it right. So instead of spending it the way you usually spend it, maybe if you spent it differently, that might work a little bit better.
>
> Before I tell you the ways you can spend it that will make you happier, let’s think about the ways we usually spend it that don’t, in fact, make us happier. We had a little natural experiment. So CNN, a little while ago, wrote this interesting article on what happens to people when they win the lottery. It turns out people think when they win the lottery their lives will be amazing. This article’s about how their lives get ruined.
>
> **What happens when people win the lottery is**, one, they spend all the money and go into debt; and two, all of their friends and everyone they’ve ever met find them and bug them for money. It ruins their social relationships, in fact. So they have more debt and worse friendships than they had before they won the lottery.
>
> What was interesting about the article was, people started commenting on the article, readers of the thing. And instead of talking about how it made them realize that money doesn’t lead to happiness, everyone started saying, “You know what I’d do if I won the lottery …?” and fantasizing about what they’d do. Here’s just two of the ones we saw that are interesting to think about. One person wrote, “When I win, I’m going to buy my own little mountain and have a little house on top.”
>
> And another person wrote, “I would fill a big bathtub with money and get in the tub while smoking a big fat cigar and sipping a glass of champagne.” This is even worse: “… then I’d have a picture taken and dozens of glossies made. Anyone begging for money or trying to extort from me would receive a copy of the picture and nothing else.”
>
> And so many of the comments were exactly of this type, where people got money and, in fact, it made them antisocial. So I told you it ruins people’s lives and their friends bug them. Also, money often makes us feel very selfish and we do things only for ourselves. We thought maybe the reason money doesn’t make us happy is that we’re spending it on the wrong things; in particular, we’re always spending it on ourselves. And we wondered what would happen if we made people spend more of their money on others. So instead of being antisocial with your money, what if you were more pro-social with it?
>
> We thought, let’s make people do it and see what happens. Let’s have some people do what they usually do, spend money on themselves, and let’s make some people give money away, and measure their happiness and see if, in fact, they get happier.
>
> The first way we did this was, one Vancouver morning, we went out on the campus at University of British Columbia, approached people and said, “Do you want to be in an experiment?” They said, “Yes.” We asked them how happy they were, and then gave them an envelope. One of the envelopes had things in it that said, “By 5pm today, spend this money on yourself.” We gave some examples of what you could spend it on. Other people got a slip of paper that said, “By 5pm today, spend this money on somebody else.” Also inside the envelope was money.
>
> And we manipulated how much money we gave them; some people got this slip of paper and five dollars, some got this slip of paper and 20 dollars. We let them go about their day and do whatever they wanted. We found out they did spend it in the way we asked them to. We called them up and asked them, “What did you spend it on? How happy do you feel now?” What did they spend it on? These are college undergrads; a lot of what they spent it on for themselves were things like earrings and makeup. One woman said she bought a stuffed animal for her niece. People gave money to homeless people. Huge effect here of Starbucks.
>
> [**ALSO READ:** How Social Networks Drive Creativity: Katherine Giuffre at TEDxMileHigh (Transcript)](https://singjupost.com/how-social-networks-drive-creativity-katherine-giuffre-at-tedxmilehigh-transcript/)
>
> So if you give undergraduates five dollars, it looks like coffee to them, and they run over to Starbucks and spend it as fast as they can. Some people bought coffee for themselves, the way they usually would, but others bought coffee for somebody else. So the very same purchase, just targeted toward yourself or targeted toward somebody else. What did we find when we called at the end of the day? People who spent money on others got happier; people who spent it on themselves, nothing happened. It didn’t make them less happy, it just didn’t do much for them.
>
> The other thing we saw is the amount of money doesn’t matter much. People thought 20 dollars would be way better than five. In fact, it doesn’t matter how much money you spent. What really matters is that you spent it on somebody else rather than on yourself. We see this again and again when we give people money to spend on others instead of on themselves. Of course, these are undergraduates in Canada — not the world’s most representative population. They’re also fairly wealthy and affluent and other sorts of things.
>
> We wanted to see if this holds true everywhere in the world or just among wealthy countries. So we went to Uganda and ran a very similar experiment. Imagine, instead of just people in Canada, we say, “Name the last time you spent money on yourself or others. Describe it. How happy did it make you?” Or in Uganda, “Name the last time you spent money on yourself or others and describe that.”
>
> Then we asked them how happy they are, again. And what we see is sort of amazing, because there’s human universals on what you do with your money, and real cultural differences on what you do as well. So for example, one guy from Uganda says this: “I called a girl I wished to love.” They basically went out on a date, and he says at the end that he didn’t “achieve” her up till now.
>
> Here’s a guy from Canada. Very similar thing. “I took my girlfriend out for dinner. We went to a movie, we left early, and then went back to her room for … cake,” just cake. Human universal: you spend money on others, you’re being nice. Maybe you have something in mind, maybe not.
>
> But then we see extraordinary differences. So look at these two. This is a woman from Canada. We say, “Name a time you spent money on somebody else.” She says, “I bought a present for my mom. I drove to the mall, bought a present, gave it to my mom.” Perfectly nice thing to do. It’s good to get gifts for people you know.
>
> Compare that to this woman from Uganda: “I was walking and met a longtime friend whose son was sick with malaria. They had no money, they went to a clinic and I gave her this money.” This isn’t $10,000, it’s the local currency. So it’s a very small amount of money, in fact. But enormously different motivations here. This is a real medical need, literally a lifesaving donation. Above, it’s just kind of, I bought a gift for my mother.
>
> What we see again, though, is that the specific way you spend on other people isn’t nearly as important as the fact that you spend on other people in order to make yourself happy, which is really quite important. So you don’t have to do amazing things with your money to make yourself happy. You can do small, trivial things and still get the benefits from doing this. These are only two countries. We wanted to look at every country in the world if we could, to see what the relationship is between money and happiness.
>
> We got data from the Gallup Organization, which you know from all the political polls happening lately. They asked people, “Did you donate money to charity recently?” and, “How happy are you with life in general?” We can see what the relationship is between those two things. Are they positively correlated, giving money makes you happy? Or are they negatively correlated? On this map, green will mean they’re positively correlated, red means they’re negatively correlated.
>
> [**ALSO READ:** David Baron: You Owe it to Yourself to Experience a Total Solar Eclipse (Transcript)](https://singjupost.com/david-baron-you-owe-it-to-yourself-to-experience-a-total-solar-eclipse-transcript/)
>
> And you can see, the world is crazily green. So in almost every country in the world where we have this data, people who give money to charity are happier people than people who don’t give money to charity. I know you’re looking at the red country in the middle. I would be a jerk and not tell you what it is, but it’s Central African Republic. You can make up stories. Maybe it’s different there for some reason. Just below that to the right is Rwanda, though, which is amazingly green.
>
> So almost everywhere we look, we see that giving money away makes you happier than keeping it for yourself. What about work, which is where we spend the rest of our time, when we’re not with the people we know. We decided to infiltrate some companies and do a very similar thing. These are sales teams in Belgium. They work in teams, go out and sell to doctors and try to get them to buy drugs. We can look and see how well they sell things as a function of being a member of a team. We give people on some teams some money “Spend it however you want on yourself,” just like we did with the undergrads in Canada.
>
> To other teams we say, “Here’s 15 euro. Spend it on one of your teammates. Buy them something as a gift and give it to them. Then we can see, we’ve got teams that spend on themselves and these pro-social teams who we give money to make the team better.
>
> The reason I have a ridiculous pinata there is one team pooled their money and bought a pinata, they smashed the pinata, the candy fell out and things like that. A silly, trivial thing to do, but think of the difference on a team that didn’t do that at all, that got 15 euro, put it in their pocket, maybe bought themselves a coffee, or teams that had this pro-social experience where they bonded together to buy something and do a group activity. What we see is that the teams that are pro-social sell more stuff than the teams that only got money for themselves.
>
> One way to think of it is: for every 15 euro you give people for themselves, they put it in their pocket and don’t do anything different than before. You don’t get money from that; you lose money, since it doesn’t motivate them to perform better. But when you give them 15 euro to spend on their teammates, they do so much better on their teams that you actually get a huge win on investing this kind of money.
>
> You’re probably thinking to yourselves, this is all fine, but there’s a context that’s incredibly important for public policy, and I can’t imagine it would work there. And if he doesn’t show me that it works here, I don’t believe anything he said. I know what you’re all thinking about are dodgeball teams.
>
> This was a huge criticism that we got, that if you can’t show it with dodgeball teams, this is all stupid. So we went and found these dodgeball teams and infiltrated them, and did the exact same thing as before. So we give people on some teams money to spend on themselves. Other teams, we give them money to spend on their dodgeball teammates. The teams that spend money on themselves have the same winning percentages as before. The teams we give the money to spend on each other become different teams; they dominate the league by the time they’re done.
>
> Across all of these different contexts — your personal life, you work life, even things like intramural sports — we see spending on other people has a bigger return for you than spending on yourself. So if you think money can’t buy happiness, you’re not spending it right. The implication isn’t you should buy this product instead of that product, and that’s the way to make yourself happier. It’s that you should stop thinking about which product to buy for yourself, and try giving some of it to other people instead.
>
> And we luckily have an opportunity for you. DonorsChoose.org is a nonprofit for mainly public school teachers in low-income schools. They post projects like, “I want to teach Huckleberry Finn and we don’t have the books,” or, “I want a microscope to teach my students science and we don’t have a microscope.” You and I can go on and buy it for them. The teacher and the kids write you thank-you notes, sometimes they send pictures of them using the microscope. It’s an extraordinary thing.
>
> [**ALSO READ:** How the worst moments in our lives make us who we are by Andrew Solomon (Transcript)](https://singjupost.com/worst-moments-lives-make-us-andrew-solomon-transcript/)
>
> Go to the website and start yourself on the process of thinking less about “How can I spend money on myself?” and more about “If I’ve got five dollars or 15 dollars, what can I do to benefit other people?” Ultimately, when you do that, you’ll find you benefit yourself much more.
>
> Thank you.

# 2. speech from Good WIll Hunting

> 615
> 00:46:35,878 --> 00:46:40,089
> I thought about what you said to me
> the other day. About my painting.
>
> 616
> 00:46:40,215 --> 00:46:41,413
> Oh.
>
> 617
> 00:46:41,549 --> 00:46:44,170
> Stayed up half the night
> thinkin' about it.
>
> 618
> 00:46:45,511 --> 00:46:47,717
> Something occurred to me.
>
> 619
> 00:46:47,846 --> 00:46:52,306
> I fell into a deep, peaceful sleep
> and haven't thought about you since.
>
> 620
> 00:46:52,433 --> 00:46:55,387
>
> You know what occurred to me?
>
> No.
>
> 621
> 00:46:55,519 --> 00:46:59,647
> You're just a kid. You don't have the
> faintest idea what you're talking about.
>
> 622
> 00:46:59,773 --> 00:47:03,272
>
> Why, thank you.
>
> It's all right.
>
> 623
> 00:47:03,401 --> 00:47:05,726
> You've never been out of Boston.
>
> 624
> 00:47:07,988 --> 00:47:09,612
> Nope.
>
> 625
> 00:47:09,740 --> 00:47:14,733
> So if I asked you about art, you'd probably give
> me the skinny on every art book ever written.
>
> 626
> 00:47:14,869 --> 00:47:18,736
> Michelangelo.
> You know a lot about him.
>
> 627
> 00:47:18,872 --> 00:47:22,241
> Life's work. Political aspirations.
> Him and the pope.
>
> 628
> 00:47:22,375 --> 00:47:26,835
> Sexual orientation.
> The whole works, right?
>
> 629
> 00:47:26,962 --> 00:47:31,209
> I bet you can't tell me what
> it smells like in the Sistine Chapel.
>
> 630
> 00:47:33,426 --> 00:47:37,470
> You never actually stood there
> and looked up at that beautiful ceiling.
>
> 631
> 00:47:40,265 --> 00:47:42,803
> Seen that.
>
> 632
> 00:47:42,934 --> 00:47:44,808
> If I ask you about women...
>
> 633
> 00:47:44,936 --> 00:47:48,518
> you'll probably give me a syllabus
> of your personal favourites.
>
> 634
> 00:47:48,647 --> 00:47:51,138
> You may have even been laid
> a few times.
>
> 635
> 00:47:56,946 --> 00:48:00,112
> But you can't tell me what it feels like
> to wake up next to a woman...
>
> 636
> 00:48:00,241 --> 00:48:02,565
> and feel truly happy.
>
> 637
> 00:48:05,787 --> 00:48:07,660
> You're a tough kid.
>
> 638
> 00:48:09,457 --> 00:48:13,039
> I ask you about war, you'd probably, uh,
> throw Shakespeare at me, right?
>
> 639
> 00:48:13,168 --> 00:48:16,453
> "Once more into the breach,
> dear friends. "
>
> 640
> 00:48:18,131 --> 00:48:21,084
> But you've never been near one.
>
> 641
> 00:48:21,217 --> 00:48:23,968
> You've never held
> your best friend's head in your lap...
>
> 642
> 00:48:24,094 --> 00:48:28,091
> and watch him gasp his last breath
> lookin' to you for help.
>
> 643
> 00:48:30,391 --> 00:48:33,842
> I ask you about love,
> you'd probably quote me a sonnet...
>
> 644
> 00:48:35,479 --> 00:48:39,855
> but you've never looked at a woman
> and been totally vulnerable.
>
> 645
> 00:48:39,982 --> 00:48:44,062
> Known someone that could
> level you with her eyes.
>
> 646
> 00:48:44,194 --> 00:48:48,690
> Feelin' like God put an angel on Earth
> just for you...
>
> 647
> 00:48:48,823 --> 00:48:51,528
> who could rescue you
> from the depths of hell.
>
> 648
> 00:48:51,659 --> 00:48:54,944
> And you wouldn't know
> what it's like to be her angel...
>
> 649
> 00:48:55,078 --> 00:48:58,114
> to have that love for her
> be there forever.
>
> 650
> 00:48:58,248 --> 00:49:02,708
> Through anything. Through cancer.
>
> 651
> 00:49:02,835 --> 00:49:06,879
> And you wouldn't know about sleepin' sittin' up in
> a hospital room for two months holding her hand...
>
> 652
> 00:49:07,005 --> 00:49:08,914
> because the doctors could see
> in your eyes...
>
> 653
> 00:49:09,049 --> 00:49:12,168
> that the terms "visiting hours"
> don't apply to you.
>
> 654
> 00:49:13,969 --> 00:49:16,092
> You don't know about real loss...
>
> 655
> 00:49:16,221 --> 00:49:19,886
> 'cause that only occurs when you love
> something more than you love yourself.
>
> 656
> 00:49:21,309 --> 00:49:24,724
> I doubt you've ever dared
> to love anybody that much.
>
> 657
> 00:49:27,648 --> 00:49:32,641
> I look at you, I don't see
> an intelligent, confident man.
>
> 658
> 00:49:34,862 --> 00:49:38,231
> I see a cocky, scared shitless kid.
>
> 659
> 00:49:39,950 --> 00:49:43,283
> But you're a genius, Will.
> No one denies that.
>
> 660
> 00:49:43,411 --> 00:49:46,993
> No one could possibly understand
> the depths of you.
>
> 661
> 00:49:47,122 --> 00:49:50,076
> But you presume to know everything about
> me because you saw a painting of mine.
>
> 662
> 00:49:50,208 --> 00:49:52,877
> You ripped my fuckin' life apart.
>
> 663
> 00:49:56,881 --> 00:49:58,837
> You're an orphan, right?
>
> 664
> 00:50:03,261 --> 00:50:06,843
> Do you think I'd know the first thing
> about how hard your life has been...
>
> 665
> 00:50:06,972 --> 00:50:09,545
> how you feel, who you are...
>
> 666
> 00:50:09,683 --> 00:50:12,968
> because I read Oliver Twist?
>
> 667
> 00:50:13,103 --> 00:50:15,510
> Does that encapsulate you?
>
> 668
> 00:50:17,732 --> 00:50:20,269
> Personally, I don't give a shit
> about all that.
>
> 669
> 00:50:20,400 --> 00:50:25,560
> Because you know what? I can't learn anything
> from you I can't read in some fuckin' book.
>
> 670
> 00:50:27,198 --> 00:50:31,361
> Unless you want to talk about you,
> who you are.
>
> 671
> 00:50:32,869 --> 00:50:36,913
> Then I'm fascinated.
> I'm in.
>
> 672
> 00:50:38,874 --> 00:50:41,626
> But you don't wanna do that,
> do you, sport?
>
> 673
> 00:50:44,254 --> 00:50:46,127
> You're terrified
> of what you might say.
>
> 674
> 00:50:52,219 --> 00:50:54,211
> Your move, chief.

# 3. What can I hold you with?

> **What can I hold you with?**
>
> I offer you lean streets, desperate sunsets, the moon of the ragged suburbs.
>
> I offer you the bitterness of a man who has looked long and long at the lonely moon.
>
> I offer you my ancestors, my dead men, the ghost that living men have honoured in marble: my father’s father killed in the frontier of Buenos Aires, two bullets through his lungs, bearded and dead, wrapped by his soldiers in the hide of a cow; my mother’s grandfather—just twentyfour—heading a charge of three hundred men in Perú, now ghosts on vanished horses.
>
> I offer you whatever insight my books may hold, whatever manliness humour my life.
>
> I offer you the loyalty of a man who has never been loyal.
>
> I offer her that kernel of myself that I have saved, somehow–the central heart that deals not in words, traffics not with dreams and is untouched by time, by joy, by adversities.
>
> I offer you the memory of a yellow rose seen at sunset, years before you were born.
>
> I offer you explanations of yourself, theories about yourself, authentic and surprising news of yourself.
>
> I can give you my loneliness, my darkness, the hunger of my heart; I am trying to bribe you with uncertainty, with danger, with defeat.

# 4. We choose to go to the moon.

> But why, some say, the moon? Why choose this as our goal? And they may well ask why climb the highest mountain? Why, 35 years ago, fly the Atlantic? Why does Rice play Texas? We choose to go to the moon. We choose to go to the moon -- We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we're willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one we intend to win, and the others, too.
>
> It is for these reasons that I regard the decision last year to shift our efforts in space from low to high gear as among the most important decisions that will be made during my incumbency in the office of the Presidency.
>
> In the last 24 hours we have seen facilities now being created for the greatest and most complex exploration in man's history. We have felt the ground shake and the air shattered by the testing of a [Saturn C-1 booster rocket](http://www.apollosaturn.com/s5news/p2-7.htm), many times as powerful as the Atlas which launched John Glenn, generating power equivalent to 10,000 automobiles with their accelerator on the floor. We have seen the site where five [F-1 rocket engines](http://www.nasm.si.edu/exhibitions/attm/nojs/rm.br.s5.1.html), each one as powerful as all eight engines of the Saturn combined, will be clustered together to make the advanced Saturn missile, assembled in a new building to be built at [Cape Canaveral](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cape_Canaveral) as tall as a 48 story structure, as wide as a city block, and as long as two lengths of this field.
>
> Within these last 19 months at least 45 satellites have circled the earth. Some 40 of them were made in the United States of America and they were far more sophisticated and supplied far more knowledge to the people of the world than those of the Soviet Union. The [Mariner spacecraft](http://www.astronautix.com/craft/marner12.htm) -- The Mariner spacecraft now on its way to Venus is the most intricate instrument in the history of space science. The accuracy of that shot is comparable to firing a missile from Cape Canaveral and dropping it in this stadium between the 40-yard lines. Transit satellites are helping our ships at sea to steer a safer course. Tiros satellites have given us unprecedented warnings of hurricanes and storms, and will do the same for forest fires and icebergs.
>
> We have had our failures, but so have others, even if they do not admit them. And they may be less public.
>
> To be sure -- To be sure, we are behind, and will be behind for some time in manned flight. But we do not intend to stay behind, and in this decade, we shall make up and move ahead.
>
> The growth of our science and education will be enriched by new knowledge of our universe and environment, by new techniques of learning and mapping and observation, by new tools and computers for industry, medicine, in the home as well as the school. Technical institutions, such as Rice, will reap the harvest of these gains.
>
> And finally, the space effort itself, while still in its infancy, has already created a great number of new companies, and tens and thousands of new jobs. Space and related industries are generating new demands in investment and skilled personnel, and this city and this State and this region will share greatly in this growth. What was once the furthest outpost on the old frontier of the West will be the furthest outpost on the new frontier of science and space. Houston -- Your city of Houston, with its [Manned Spacecraft Center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manned_Spacecraft_Center), will become the heart of a large scientific and engineering community. During the next 5 years the [National Aeronautic[s\] and Space Administration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Aeronautics_and_Space_Administration) expects to double the number of scientists and engineers in this area, to increase its outlays for salaries and expenses to 60 million dollars a year; to invest some 200 million dollars in plant and laboratory facilities; and to direct or contract for new space efforts over 1 billion dollars from this Center in this city.

# 5. “The Power of Vulnerability” by Brené Brown



> I spent the past decade studying vulnerability, courage, worthiness, and shame. And I found that there's one thing that we all have in common, and that is vulnerability. We often see vulnerability as a weakness, something that we want to hide at all costs. But in fact, vulnerability is the other side of courage.
>
> 
>
> For example, when we fall in love, we are essentially saying to someone, "I see you, I am here, and I am willing to be completely myself with you, flaws and all." It's a vulnerable act because we are exposing our hearts, risking rejection and heartbreak. When we start a new business, we are putting our ideas, our resources, and our reputations on the line. We are vulnerable to failure, to criticism, and to the unknown. And when we share our art with others, whether it's a painting, a song, a poem, or a story, we are revealing a part of ourselves that is deeply personal. We are vulnerable to judgment and indifference.
>
> 
>
> I interviewed thousands of people and they shared their most vulnerable moments. One woman told me that after losing her job, she had to move back in with her parents. She felt like a failure and was ashamed to admit her situation to her friends. But when she finally mustered the courage to tell them, she was surprised by their support and understanding. Another man said that when he was diagnosed with a serious illness, he was terrified of how it would change his life. He had to face his mortality and rely on others for help. But in the process, he discovered a strength and resilience within himself that he didn't know he had.
>
> 
>
> However, it's precisely these vulnerable moments that enable us to form deep connections with others. When we have the courage to show our vulnerability, we are sending a message to others that it's okay to be imperfect, that we all have struggles and insecurities. We create a space for others to show their true selves, to share their own vulnerabilities. And in that space, true intimacy and connection can grow. Moreover, admitting our vulnerability doesn't mean that we're not strong enough. On the contrary, it's the source of our strength. Because only by facing our vulnerability can we truly face our fears, learn from our mistakes, and grow in the process.

# 6. “How Great Leaders Inspire Action” by Simon Sinek



> All great leaders and organizations think, act, and communicate from the inside out, starting with the "why." Let me give you an example. Apple. Apple doesn't sell computers, mobile phones, or other electronics. They sell an idea, an idea of challenging the status quo, pursuing innovation and simplicity.
>
> 
>
> When you walk into an Apple store, you won't see the salespeople coming up and introducing you to the product's various specifications first. They'll ask you, how do you want to change your life? What kind of tools do you hope to use to express your creativity? This is starting from the "why." Apple believes that people don't just buy products; they buy what those products can do for them, how they can help them achieve their dreams and fulfill their potential.
>
> 
>
> In contrast, other companies often start with the "what." They'll say, we make the best laptops, and it has a high-resolution screen, a fast processor, and so on. But this way of communication makes it difficult for consumers to have an emotional resonance. They may be impressed by the features, but they won't necessarily feel a deep connection to the brand. Starting from the "why" is like a magnetic field that attracts those who share the same beliefs as you. It creates a sense of loyalty and commitment among customers, employees, and partners.
>
> 
>
> This approach is not only applicable to enterprises but also to social movements and personal growth. Martin Luther King had a "why," that was the dream of racial equality. He didn't just say, "We should end segregation because it's unfair." He said, "I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.'" His "why" inspired countless people to join the civil rights movement, to fight for justice and equality, not because they were forced to, but because they believed in the same dream.

# 7. “Inside the Mind of a Master Procrastinator” by Tim Urban



>
>
>Procrastination is a very common phenomenon in our lives. There's a rational decision-maker and an instant-gratification monkey in our brains. For example, you plan to write an essay today. When you sit at your desk, the rational decision-maker tells you that this is important and we should start working. But then, the instant-gratification monkey jumps out and says, hey, watch an episode of TV first, or play a game first.
>
>
>
>The procrastinator's brain is like a stage, and this monkey is playing around on it, while the rational decision-maker can only sigh helplessly in the corner. I myself have a deep understanding of this. I once had an important project, and the deadline was getting closer and closer, but I could always find various excuses to procrastinate. One moment I thought I wasn't ready with the right tools, and the next moment I thought I wasn't in the right state.
>
>
>
>It's not until the pressure of the deadline is so great that the monkey can't ignore it that it jumps off the stage and the rational decision-maker can regain control. But at this time, we often have to complete the task under tremendous pressure. So, understanding these two characters in our brains is the first step in overcoming procrastination. We need to learn to tame that instant-gratification monkey, to make it listen to the rational decision-maker. One way to do this is to break the task into smaller, more manageable steps, and set clear deadlines for each step. Another way is to find an accountability partner, someone who can check on your progress and hold you accountable. By doing these, we can gradually train our brains to make better decisions and overcome procrastination.
